#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
asgiref==3.10.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via opengeodeweb-microservice
flask[async]==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask-cors
    #   opengeodeweb-back
flask-cors==6.0.1
    # via opengeodeweb-back
geode-common==33.11.0
    # via
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeodeweb-back
geode-viewables==3.3.0
    # via opengeodeweb-back
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via
    #   opengeodeweb-microservice
    #   sqlalchemy
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   opengeodeweb-back
    #   werkzeug
opengeode-core==15.27.4
    # via
    #   geode-common
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeode-geosciences
    #   opengeode-geosciencesio
    #   opengeode-inspector
    #   opengeode-io
    #   opengeodeweb-back
opengeode-geosciences==9.4.1
    # via
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeode-geosciencesio
    #   opengeodeweb-back
opengeode-geosciencesio==5.8.0
    # via opengeodeweb-back
opengeode-inspector==6.8.1
    # via opengeodeweb-back
opengeode-io==7.4.0
    # via
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeode-geosciencesio
    #   opengeodeweb-back
opengeodeweb-back==5.10.5
    # via -r requirements.in
opengeodeweb-microservice==1.0.5
    # via opengeodeweb-back
sqlalchemy==2.0.44
    # via opengeodeweb-microservice
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   opengeodeweb-microservice
    #   sqlalchemy
werkzeug==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-cors
    #   opengeodeweb-back
