LICENSE
LICENSE-SD1+SD2.txt
LICENSE-SDXL.txt
README.md
pyproject.toml
InvokeAI.egg-info/PKG-INFO
InvokeAI.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
InvokeAI.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
InvokeAI.egg-info/entry_points.txt
InvokeAI.egg-info/requires.txt
InvokeAI.egg-info/top_level.txt
invokeai/app/__init__.py
invokeai/app/api_app.py
invokeai/app/run_app.py
invokeai/app/api/dependencies.py
invokeai/app/api/extract_metadata_from_image.py
invokeai/app/api/no_cache_staticfiles.py
invokeai/app/api/sockets.py
invokeai/app/api/routers/app_info.py
invokeai/app/api/routers/board_images.py
invokeai/app/api/routers/boards.py
invokeai/app/api/routers/client_state.py
invokeai/app/api/routers/download_queue.py
invokeai/app/api/routers/images.py
invokeai/app/api/routers/model_manager.py
invokeai/app/api/routers/model_relationships.py
invokeai/app/api/routers/session_queue.py
invokeai/app/api/routers/style_presets.py
invokeai/app/api/routers/utilities.py
invokeai/app/api/routers/workflows.py
invokeai/app/assets/images/caution.png
invokeai/app/invocations/__init__.py
invokeai/app/invocations/baseinvocation.py
invokeai/app/invocations/batch.py
invokeai/app/invocations/blend_latents.py
invokeai/app/invocations/canny.py
invokeai/app/invocations/cogview4_denoise.py
invokeai/app/invocations/cogview4_image_to_latents.py
invokeai/app/invocations/cogview4_latents_to_image.py
invokeai/app/invocations/cogview4_model_loader.py
invokeai/app/invocations/cogview4_text_encoder.py
invokeai/app/invocations/collections.py
invokeai/app/invocations/color_map.py
invokeai/app/invocations/compel.py
invokeai/app/invocations/composition-nodes.py
invokeai/app/invocations/constants.py
invokeai/app/invocations/content_shuffle.py
invokeai/app/invocations/controlnet.py
invokeai/app/invocations/create_denoise_mask.py
invokeai/app/invocations/create_gradient_mask.py
invokeai/app/invocations/crop_latents.py
invokeai/app/invocations/cv.py
invokeai/app/invocations/denoise_latents.py
invokeai/app/invocations/depth_anything.py
invokeai/app/invocations/dw_openpose.py
invokeai/app/invocations/facetools.py
invokeai/app/invocations/fields.py
invokeai/app/invocations/flux_control_lora_loader.py
invokeai/app/invocations/flux_controlnet.py
invokeai/app/invocations/flux_denoise.py
invokeai/app/invocations/flux_fill.py
invokeai/app/invocations/flux_ip_adapter.py
invokeai/app/invocations/flux_kontext.py
invokeai/app/invocations/flux_lora_loader.py
invokeai/app/invocations/flux_model_loader.py
invokeai/app/invocations/flux_redux.py
invokeai/app/invocations/flux_text_encoder.py
invokeai/app/invocations/flux_vae_decode.py
invokeai/app/invocations/flux_vae_encode.py
invokeai/app/invocations/grounding_dino.py
invokeai/app/invocations/hed.py
invokeai/app/invocations/ideal_size.py
invokeai/app/invocations/image.py
invokeai/app/invocations/image_panels.py
invokeai/app/invocations/image_to_latents.py
invokeai/app/invocations/infill.py
invokeai/app/invocations/ip_adapter.py
invokeai/app/invocations/latents_to_image.py
invokeai/app/invocations/lineart.py
invokeai/app/invocations/lineart_anime.py
invokeai/app/invocations/llava_onevision_vllm.py
invokeai/app/invocations/load_custom_nodes.py
invokeai/app/invocations/mask.py
invokeai/app/invocations/math.py
invokeai/app/invocations/mediapipe_face.py
invokeai/app/invocations/metadata.py
invokeai/app/invocations/metadata_linked.py
invokeai/app/invocations/mlsd.py
invokeai/app/invocations/model.py
invokeai/app/invocations/noise.py
invokeai/app/invocations/normal_bae.py
invokeai/app/invocations/param_easing.py
invokeai/app/invocations/pidi.py
invokeai/app/invocations/primitives.py
invokeai/app/invocations/prompt.py
invokeai/app/invocations/resize_latents.py
invokeai/app/invocations/scheduler.py
invokeai/app/invocations/sd3_denoise.py
invokeai/app/invocations/sd3_image_to_latents.py
invokeai/app/invocations/sd3_latents_to_image.py
invokeai/app/invocations/sd3_model_loader.py
invokeai/app/invocations/sd3_text_encoder.py
invokeai/app/invocations/sdxl.py
invokeai/app/invocations/segment_anything.py
invokeai/app/invocations/spandrel_image_to_image.py
invokeai/app/invocations/strings.py
invokeai/app/invocations/t2i_adapter.py
invokeai/app/invocations/tiled_multi_diffusion_denoise_latents.py
invokeai/app/invocations/tiles.py
invokeai/app/invocations/upscale.py
invokeai/app/invocations/util.py
invokeai/app/invocations/custom_nodes/README.md
invokeai/app/services/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/invocation_services.py
invokeai/app/services/invoker.py
invokeai/app/services/board_image_records/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/board_image_records/board_image_records_base.py
invokeai/app/services/board_image_records/board_image_records_sqlite.py
invokeai/app/services/board_images/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/board_images/board_images_base.py
invokeai/app/services/board_images/board_images_common.py
invokeai/app/services/board_images/board_images_default.py
invokeai/app/services/board_records/board_records_base.py
invokeai/app/services/board_records/board_records_common.py
invokeai/app/services/board_records/board_records_sqlite.py
invokeai/app/services/boards/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/boards/boards_base.py
invokeai/app/services/boards/boards_common.py
invokeai/app/services/boards/boards_default.py
invokeai/app/services/bulk_download/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/bulk_download/bulk_download_base.py
invokeai/app/services/bulk_download/bulk_download_common.py
invokeai/app/services/bulk_download/bulk_download_default.py
invokeai/app/services/client_state_persistence/client_state_persistence_base.py
invokeai/app/services/client_state_persistence/client_state_persistence_sqlite.py
invokeai/app/services/config/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/config/config_common.py
invokeai/app/services/config/config_default.py
invokeai/app/services/download/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/download/download_base.py
invokeai/app/services/download/download_default.py
invokeai/app/services/events/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/events/events_base.py
invokeai/app/services/events/events_common.py
invokeai/app/services/events/events_fastapievents.py
invokeai/app/services/image_files/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/image_files/image_files_base.py
invokeai/app/services/image_files/image_files_common.py
invokeai/app/services/image_files/image_files_disk.py
invokeai/app/services/image_records/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/image_records/image_records_base.py
invokeai/app/services/image_records/image_records_common.py
invokeai/app/services/image_records/image_records_sqlite.py
invokeai/app/services/images/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/images/images_base.py
invokeai/app/services/images/images_common.py
invokeai/app/services/images/images_default.py
invokeai/app/services/invocation_cache/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/invocation_cache/invocation_cache_base.py
invokeai/app/services/invocation_cache/invocation_cache_common.py
invokeai/app/services/invocation_cache/invocation_cache_memory.py
invokeai/app/services/invocation_stats/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/invocation_stats/invocation_stats_base.py
invokeai/app/services/invocation_stats/invocation_stats_common.py
invokeai/app/services/invocation_stats/invocation_stats_default.py
invokeai/app/services/item_storage/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/item_storage/item_storage_base.py
invokeai/app/services/item_storage/item_storage_common.py
invokeai/app/services/item_storage/item_storage_memory.py
invokeai/app/services/model_images/model_images_base.py
invokeai/app/services/model_images/model_images_common.py
invokeai/app/services/model_images/model_images_default.py
invokeai/app/services/model_install/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/model_install/model_install_base.py
invokeai/app/services/model_install/model_install_common.py
invokeai/app/services/model_install/model_install_default.py
invokeai/app/services/model_load/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/model_load/model_load_base.py
invokeai/app/services/model_load/model_load_default.py
invokeai/app/services/model_manager/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/model_manager/model_manager_base.py
invokeai/app/services/model_manager/model_manager_common.py
invokeai/app/services/model_manager/model_manager_default.py
invokeai/app/services/model_records/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/model_records/model_records_base.py
invokeai/app/services/model_records/model_records_sql.py
invokeai/app/services/model_relationship_records/model_relationship_records_base.py
invokeai/app/services/model_relationship_records/model_relationship_records_sqlite.py
invokeai/app/services/model_relationships/model_relationships_base.py
invokeai/app/services/model_relationships/model_relationships_common.py
invokeai/app/services/model_relationships/model_relationships_default.py
invokeai/app/services/names/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/names/names_base.py
invokeai/app/services/names/names_common.py
invokeai/app/services/names/names_default.py
invokeai/app/services/object_serializer/object_serializer_base.py
invokeai/app/services/object_serializer/object_serializer_common.py
invokeai/app/services/object_serializer/object_serializer_disk.py
invokeai/app/services/object_serializer/object_serializer_forward_cache.py
invokeai/app/services/session_processor/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/session_processor/session_processor_base.py
invokeai/app/services/session_processor/session_processor_common.py
invokeai/app/services/session_processor/session_processor_default.py
invokeai/app/services/session_queue/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/session_queue/session_queue_base.py
invokeai/app/services/session_queue/session_queue_common.py
invokeai/app/services/session_queue/session_queue_sqlite.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/graph.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/invocation_context.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/pagination.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite/sqlite_common.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite/sqlite_database.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite/sqlite_util.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/sqlite_migrator_common.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/sqlite_migrator_impl.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_1.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_10.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_11.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_12.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_13.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_14.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_15.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_16.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_17.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_18.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_19.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_2.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_20.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_21.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_22.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_23.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_24.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_3.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_4.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_5.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_6.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_7.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_8.py
invokeai/app/services/shared/sqlite_migrator/migrations/migration_9.py
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/style_preset_images_base.py
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/style_preset_images_common.py
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/style_preset_images_disk.py
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/Anime.png
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/Architectural Visualization.png
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/Concept Art (Character).png
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/Concept Art (Fantasy).png
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/Concept Art (Painterly).png
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/Concept Art (Sci-Fi).png
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/Environment Art.png
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/Illustration.png
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/Interior Design (Visualization).png
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/Line Art.png
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/Photography (Black and White).png
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/Photography (General).png
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/Photography (Landscape).png
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/Photography (Portrait).png
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/Photography (Studio Lighting).png
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/Product Rendering.png
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/Sketch.png
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/Vehicles.png
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_images/default_style_preset_images/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_records/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_records/default_style_presets.json
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_records/style_preset_records_base.py
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_records/style_preset_records_common.py
invokeai/app/services/style_preset_records/style_preset_records_sqlite.py
invokeai/app/services/urls/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/urls/urls_base.py
invokeai/app/services/urls/urls_default.py
invokeai/app/services/workflow_records/__init__.py
invokeai/app/services/workflow_records/workflow_records_base.py
invokeai/app/services/workflow_records/workflow_records_common.py
invokeai/app/services/workflow_records/workflow_records_sqlite.py
invokeai/app/services/workflow_records/default_workflows/CogView4_TextToImage.json
invokeai/app/services/workflow_records/default_workflows/ESRGAN Upscaling with Canny ControlNet.json
invokeai/app/services/workflow_records/default_workflows/FLUX Image to Image.json
invokeai/app/services/workflow_records/default_workflows/Face Detailer with IP-Adapter & Canny (See Note in Details).json
invokeai/app/services/workflow_records/default_workflows/Flux Text to Image.json
invokeai/app/services/workflow_records/default_workflows/Multi ControlNet (Canny & Depth).json
invokeai/app/services/workflow_records/default_workflows/MultiDiffusion SD1.5.json
invokeai/app/services/workflow_records/default_workflows/MultiDiffusion SDXL.json
invokeai/app/services/workflow_records/default_workflows/Prompt from File.json
invokeai/app/services/workflow_records/default_workflows/SD3.5 Text to Image.json
invokeai/app/services/workflow_records/default_workflows/Text to Image - SD1.5.json
invokeai/app/services/workflow_records/default_workflows/Text to Image - SDXL.json
invokeai/app/services/workflow_records/default_workflows/Text to Image with LoRA.json
invokeai/app/services/workflow_records/default_workflows/Tiled Upscaling (Beta).json
invokeai/app/services/workflow_thumbnails/workflow_thumbnails_base.py
invokeai/app/services/workflow_thumbnails/workflow_thumbnails_common.py
invokeai/app/services/workflow_thumbnails/workflow_thumbnails_disk.py
invokeai/app/shared/__init__.py
invokeai/app/shared/models.py
invokeai/app/util/__init__.py
invokeai/app/util/controlnet_utils.py
invokeai/app/util/custom_openapi.py
invokeai/app/util/metaenum.py
invokeai/app/util/misc.py
invokeai/app/util/model_exclude_null.py
invokeai/app/util/profiler.py
invokeai/app/util/startup_utils.py
invokeai/app/util/step_callback.py
invokeai/app/util/suppress_output.py
invokeai/app/util/t5_model_identifier.py
invokeai/app/util/thumbnails.py
invokeai/app/util/ti_utils.py
invokeai/app/util/torch_cuda_allocator.py
invokeai/assets/fonts/inter/Inter-Regular.ttf
invokeai/backend/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/llava_onevision_pipeline.py
invokeai/backend/model_patcher.py
invokeai/backend/raw_model.py
invokeai/backend/spandrel_image_to_image_model.py
invokeai/backend/textual_inversion.py
invokeai/backend/flux/custom_block_processor.py
invokeai/backend/flux/denoise.py
invokeai/backend/flux/flux_state_dict_utils.py
invokeai/backend/flux/math.py
invokeai/backend/flux/model.py
invokeai/backend/flux/sampling_utils.py
invokeai/backend/flux/text_conditioning.py
invokeai/backend/flux/util.py
invokeai/backend/flux/controlnet/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/flux/controlnet/controlnet_flux_output.py
invokeai/backend/flux/controlnet/instantx_controlnet_flux.py
invokeai/backend/flux/controlnet/state_dict_utils.py
invokeai/backend/flux/controlnet/xlabs_controlnet_flux.py
invokeai/backend/flux/controlnet/zero_module.py
invokeai/backend/flux/extensions/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/flux/extensions/base_controlnet_extension.py
invokeai/backend/flux/extensions/instantx_controlnet_extension.py
invokeai/backend/flux/extensions/kontext_extension.py
invokeai/backend/flux/extensions/regional_prompting_extension.py
invokeai/backend/flux/extensions/xlabs_controlnet_extension.py
invokeai/backend/flux/extensions/xlabs_ip_adapter_extension.py
invokeai/backend/flux/ip_adapter/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/flux/ip_adapter/ip_double_stream_block_processor.py
invokeai/backend/flux/ip_adapter/state_dict_utils.py
invokeai/backend/flux/ip_adapter/xlabs_ip_adapter_flux.py
invokeai/backend/flux/modules/autoencoder.py
invokeai/backend/flux/modules/conditioner.py
invokeai/backend/flux/modules/layers.py
invokeai/backend/flux/redux/flux_redux_model.py
invokeai/backend/flux/redux/flux_redux_state_dict_utils.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/canny.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/composition.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/content_shuffle.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/hed.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/invisible_watermark.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/lineart.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/lineart_anime.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/pngwriter.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/safety_checker.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/util.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/assets/CIELab_to_UPLab.icc
invokeai/backend/image_util/basicsr/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/basicsr/arch_util.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/basicsr/rrdbnet_arch.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/depth_anything/depth_anything_pipeline.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/dw_openpose/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/dw_openpose/onnxdet.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/dw_openpose/onnxpose.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/dw_openpose/utils.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/grounding_dino/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/grounding_dino/detection_result.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/grounding_dino/grounding_dino_pipeline.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/imwatermark/vendor.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/infill_methods/cv2_inpaint.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/infill_methods/lama.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/infill_methods/mosaic.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/infill_methods/patchmatch.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/infill_methods/tile.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/mediapipe_face/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/mediapipe_face/mediapipe_face_common.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/mlsd/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/mlsd/utils.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/mlsd/models/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/mlsd/models/mbv2_mlsd_large.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/mlsd/models/mbv2_mlsd_tiny.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/NNET.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/baseline.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/decoder.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/encoder.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/submodules.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/caffe2_benchmark.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/caffe2_validate.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/hubconf.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/onnx_export.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/onnx_optimize.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/onnx_to_caffe.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/onnx_validate.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/setup.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/utils.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/validate.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/geffnet/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/geffnet/config.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/geffnet/conv2d_layers.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/geffnet/efficientnet_builder.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/geffnet/gen_efficientnet.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/geffnet/helpers.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/geffnet/mobilenetv3.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/geffnet/model_factory.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/geffnet/version.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/geffnet/activations/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/geffnet/activations/activations.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/geffnet/activations/activations_jit.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/normal_bae/nets/submodules/efficientnet_repo/geffnet/activations/activations_me.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/pidi/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/pidi/model.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/realesrgan/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/realesrgan/realesrgan.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/segment_anything/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/segment_anything/mask_refinement.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/segment_anything/segment_anything_2_pipeline.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/segment_anything/segment_anything_pipeline.py
invokeai/backend/image_util/segment_anything/shared.py
invokeai/backend/ip_adapter/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/ip_adapter/ip_adapter.py
invokeai/backend/ip_adapter/ip_attention_weights.py
invokeai/backend/ip_adapter/resampler.py
invokeai/backend/model_hash/hash_validator.py
invokeai/backend/model_hash/model_hash.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/model_on_disk.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/search.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/single_file_config_files.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/starter_models.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/taxonomy.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/base.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/clip_embed.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/clip_vision.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/controlnet.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/external_api.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/factory.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/flux_redux.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/identification_utils.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/ip_adapter.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/llava_onevision.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/lora.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/main.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/siglip.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/spandrel.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/t2i_adapter.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/t5_encoder.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/textual_inversion.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/unknown.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/configs/vae.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/load_base.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/load_default.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/memory_snapshot.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_loader_registry.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_util.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/optimizations.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/cache_record.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/cache_stats.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/dev_utils.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/model_cache.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/utils.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/cached_model/cached_model_only_full_load.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/cached_model/cached_model_with_partial_load.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/torch_module_autocast/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/torch_module_autocast/cast_to_device.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/torch_module_autocast/torch_module_autocast.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/torch_module_autocast/custom_modules/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/torch_module_autocast/custom_modules/custom_conv1d.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/torch_module_autocast/custom_modules/custom_conv2d.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/torch_module_autocast/custom_modules/custom_embedding.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/torch_module_autocast/custom_modules/custom_flux_rms_norm.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/torch_module_autocast/custom_modules/custom_group_norm.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/torch_module_autocast/custom_modules/custom_invoke_linear_8_bit_lt.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/torch_module_autocast/custom_modules/custom_invoke_linear_nf4.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/torch_module_autocast/custom_modules/custom_linear.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/torch_module_autocast/custom_modules/custom_module_mixin.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_cache/torch_module_autocast/custom_modules/utils.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_loaders/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_loaders/clip_vision.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_loaders/cogview4.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_loaders/controlnet.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_loaders/flux.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_loaders/generic_diffusers.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_loaders/ip_adapter.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_loaders/llava_onevision.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_loaders/lora.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_loaders/onnx.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_loaders/sig_lip.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_loaders/spandrel_image_to_image.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_loaders/stable_diffusion.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_loaders/textual_inversion.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/load/model_loaders/vae.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/metadata/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/metadata/metadata_base.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/metadata/fetch/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/metadata/fetch/fetch_base.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/metadata/fetch/huggingface.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/omi/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/omi/omi.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/omi/vendor/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/omi/vendor/convert/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/omi/vendor/convert/lora/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/omi/vendor/convert/lora/convert_clip.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/omi/vendor/convert/lora/convert_flux_lora.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/omi/vendor/convert/lora/convert_lora_util.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/omi/vendor/convert/lora/convert_sdxl_lora.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/omi/vendor/convert/lora/convert_t5.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/omi/vendor/model_spec/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/omi/vendor/model_spec/architecture.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/util/libc_util.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/util/lora_metadata_extractor.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/util/model_util.py
invokeai/backend/model_manager/util/select_hf_files.py
invokeai/backend/onnx/onnx_runtime.py
invokeai/backend/patches/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/patches/layer_patcher.py
invokeai/backend/patches/model_patch_raw.py
invokeai/backend/patches/pad_with_zeros.py
invokeai/backend/patches/layers/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/patches/layers/base_layer_patch.py
invokeai/backend/patches/layers/dora_layer.py
invokeai/backend/patches/layers/flux_control_lora_layer.py
invokeai/backend/patches/layers/full_layer.py
invokeai/backend/patches/layers/ia3_layer.py
invokeai/backend/patches/layers/loha_layer.py
invokeai/backend/patches/layers/lokr_layer.py
invokeai/backend/patches/layers/lora_layer.py
invokeai/backend/patches/layers/lora_layer_base.py
invokeai/backend/patches/layers/merged_layer_patch.py
invokeai/backend/patches/layers/norm_layer.py
invokeai/backend/patches/layers/param_shape_utils.py
invokeai/backend/patches/layers/set_parameter_layer.py
invokeai/backend/patches/layers/utils.py
invokeai/backend/patches/lora_conversions/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/patches/lora_conversions/flux_aitoolkit_lora_conversion_utils.py
invokeai/backend/patches/lora_conversions/flux_control_lora_utils.py
invokeai/backend/patches/lora_conversions/flux_diffusers_lora_conversion_utils.py
invokeai/backend/patches/lora_conversions/flux_kohya_lora_conversion_utils.py
invokeai/backend/patches/lora_conversions/flux_lora_constants.py
invokeai/backend/patches/lora_conversions/flux_onetrainer_lora_conversion_utils.py
invokeai/backend/patches/lora_conversions/formats.py
invokeai/backend/patches/lora_conversions/kohya_key_utils.py
invokeai/backend/patches/lora_conversions/sd_lora_conversion_utils.py
invokeai/backend/patches/lora_conversions/sdxl_lora_conversion_utils.py
invokeai/backend/quantization/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/quantization/bnb_llm_int8.py
invokeai/backend/quantization/bnb_nf4.py
invokeai/backend/quantization/gguf/ggml_tensor.py
invokeai/backend/quantization/gguf/loaders.py
invokeai/backend/quantization/gguf/utils.py
invokeai/backend/quantization/scripts/load_flux_model_bnb_llm_int8.py
invokeai/backend/quantization/scripts/load_flux_model_bnb_nf4.py
invokeai/backend/quantization/scripts/quantize_t5_xxl_bnb_llm_int8.py
invokeai/backend/rectified_flow/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/rectified_flow/rectified_flow_inpaint_extension.py
invokeai/backend/sig_lip/sig_lip_pipeline.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/denoise_context.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/diffusers_pipeline.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/diffusion_backend.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/extension_callback_type.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/extensions_manager.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/multi_diffusion_pipeline.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/vae_tiling.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/diffusion/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/diffusion/conditioning_data.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/diffusion/custom_atttention.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/diffusion/regional_ip_data.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/diffusion/regional_prompt_data.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/diffusion/shared_invokeai_diffusion.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/diffusion/unet_attention_patcher.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/extensions/base.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/extensions/controlnet.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/extensions/freeu.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/extensions/inpaint.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/extensions/inpaint_model.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/extensions/lora.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/extensions/preview.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/extensions/rescale_cfg.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/extensions/seamless.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/extensions/t2i_adapter.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/schedulers/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/stable_diffusion/schedulers/schedulers.py
invokeai/backend/tiles/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/tiles/tiles.py
invokeai/backend/tiles/utils.py
invokeai/backend/util/__init__.py
invokeai/backend/util/attention.py
invokeai/backend/util/build_line.py
invokeai/backend/util/calc_tensor_size.py
invokeai/backend/util/catch_sigint.py
invokeai/backend/util/db_maintenance.py
invokeai/backend/util/devices.py
invokeai/backend/util/hotfixes.py
invokeai/backend/util/logging.py
invokeai/backend/util/mask.py
invokeai/backend/util/original_weights_storage.py
invokeai/backend/util/prefix_logger_adapter.py
invokeai/backend/util/silence_warnings.py
invokeai/backend/util/test_utils.py
invokeai/backend/util/util.py
invokeai/backend/util/vae_working_memory.py
invokeai/configs/controlnet/cldm_v15.yaml
invokeai/configs/controlnet/cldm_v21.yaml
invokeai/configs/stable-diffusion/sd_xl_base.yaml
invokeai/configs/stable-diffusion/sd_xl_inpaint.yaml
invokeai/configs/stable-diffusion/sd_xl_refiner.yaml
invokeai/configs/stable-diffusion/v1-finetune.yaml
invokeai/configs/stable-diffusion/v1-finetune_style.yaml
invokeai/configs/stable-diffusion/v1-inference-v.yaml
invokeai/configs/stable-diffusion/v1-inference.yaml
invokeai/configs/stable-diffusion/v1-inpainting-inference.yaml
invokeai/configs/stable-diffusion/v1-m1-finetune.yaml
invokeai/configs/stable-diffusion/v2-inference-v.yaml
invokeai/configs/stable-diffusion/v2-inference.yaml
invokeai/configs/stable-diffusion/v2-inpainting-inference-v.yaml
invokeai/configs/stable-diffusion/v2-inpainting-inference.yaml
invokeai/configs/stable-diffusion/v2-midas-inference.yaml
invokeai/frontend/__init__.py
invokeai/frontend/cli/__init__.py
invokeai/frontend/cli/arg_parser.py
invokeai/frontend/install/__init__.py
invokeai/frontend/install/import_images.py
invokeai/frontend/web/__init__.py
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/index.html
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/App-BpMMXEFQ.css
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/App-DbrQMTtF.js
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/browser-ponyfill-CkUlRXCV.js
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/denoising-strength-4mznP2tj.png
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/index-CZHxM6J5.js
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/inter-cyrillic-ext-wght-normal-B2xhLi22.woff2
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/inter-cyrillic-wght-normal-CMZtQduZ.woff2
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/inter-greek-ext-wght-normal-CGAr0uHJ.woff2
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/inter-greek-wght-normal-CaVNZxsx.woff2
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/inter-latin-ext-wght-normal-DO1Apj_S.woff2
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/inter-latin-wght-normal-Dx4kXJAl.woff2
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/inter-vietnamese-wght-normal-CBcvBZtf.woff2
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/worker-Dywf1EVc.js
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/commercial-license-bg.png
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/denoising-strength.png
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-alert-favicon.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-avatar-circle.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-avatar-square.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-favicon.png
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-favicon.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-key-char-lrg.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-key-char-sml.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-key-wht-lrg.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-key-wht-sml.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-symbol-char-lrg.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-symbol-char-sml.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-symbol-wht-lrg.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-symbol-wht-sml.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-symbol-ylw-lrg.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-tag-char-lrg.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-tag-char-sml.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-tag-lrg.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-tag-sml.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-wordmark-charcoal.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/invoke-wordmark-white.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/assets/images/mask.svg
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/ar.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/az.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/bg.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/de.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/en.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/es.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/fi.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/fr.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/he.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/hu.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/it.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/ja.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/ko.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/mn.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/nl.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/pl.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/pt-BR.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/pt.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/ro.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/ru.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/sv.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/tr.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/uk.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/vi.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/zh-CN.json
invokeai/frontend/web/dist/locales/zh-Hant.json
invokeai/frontend/web/scripts/clean_translations.py
invokeai/frontend/web/static/docs/invoke-favicon-docs.svg
invokeai/invocation_api/__init__.py
invokeai/version/__init__.py
invokeai/version/invokeai_version.py
tests/test_config.py
tests/test_dangerously_run_function_in_subprocess.py
tests/test_docs.py
tests/test_graph_execution_state.py
tests/test_imports.py
tests/test_invocation_cache_memory.py
tests/test_item_storage_memory.py
tests/test_model_hash.py
tests/test_model_search.py
tests/test_node_graph.py
tests/test_nodes.py
tests/test_object_serializer_disk.py
tests/test_path.py
tests/test_profiler.py
tests/test_session_queue.py
tests/test_sqlite_migrator.py