### Example

This limitation to two parties (or users) might seem limited but it already allows the following hypothetical debate:

- Party P1 starts with an initial contribution (with contribution key `a`). The respective statements are labeled `a1`, `a2`, etc.
- Party P2 does not agree with several points. They answer the seventh statement with a contribution (→ key `a7b`) and the tenth statement with another contribution `a10b`. The statements of these contributions then have the keys: `a7b1`, ... and `a10b1`, ..., respectively. Note that contribution keys end with a letter while statement keys end with a number.
- Now, party P1 wants to point out a misunderstanding and creates contribution `a7b4a`: This contribution is associated to statement 4 of `a7b`.

Each answer-contribution is displayed directly below the statement to which it refers. To improve oversight and clearness different answer-levels can be hidden or unhidden by users.

### Summary

This approach allows for a very granular discussions where specific points can be addressed very precisely. If necessary a deep back-and-forth discussions can evolve which allows to advance to the root causes of disagreement and potentially generate new insights. At the same time the **overall context is always maintained**. Thus, ripping quotes out of context is impossible and shifting the topic . In addition, due to the availability of the statement keys it is much more feasible to give precise references than in classical online-discussions.
