LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
NOTICE
README.md
pyproject.toml
src/agilab/AGILAB.py
src/agilab/__init__.py
src/agilab/agi_codex.py
src/agilab/lab_run.py
src/agilab/steps.toml
src/agilab/uv_config.toml
src/agilab.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/agilab.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/agilab.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/agilab.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/agilab.egg-info/requires.txt
src/agilab.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/agilab/apps/.gitignore
src/agilab/apps/README.md
src/agilab/apps/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps/install.py
src/agilab/apps-pages/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps-pages/view_autoencoder_latenspace/src/view_autoencoder_latentspace/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps-pages/view_autoencoder_latenspace/src/view_autoencoder_latentspace/autoencoder_latentspace.py
src/agilab/apps-pages/view_autoencoder_latenspace/src/view_autoencoder_latentspace/view_autoencoder_latentspace.py
src/agilab/apps-pages/view_barycentric/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps-pages/view_barycentric/src/view_barycentric/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps-pages/view_barycentric/src/view_barycentric/barycentric_graph.py
src/agilab/apps-pages/view_barycentric/src/view_barycentric/view_barycentric.py
src/agilab/apps-pages/view_maps/src/view_maps/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps-pages/view_maps/src/view_maps/maps.py
src/agilab/apps-pages/view_maps/src/view_maps/view_maps.py
src/agilab/apps-pages/view_maps_3d/src/view_maps_3d/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps-pages/view_maps_3d/src/view_maps_3d/maps_3d.py
src/agilab/apps-pages/view_maps_3d/src/view_maps_3d/view_maps_3d.py
src/agilab/apps-pages/view_maps_network/src/view_maps_network/maps_network_graph.py
src/agilab/apps-pages/view_maps_network/src/view_maps_network/view_maps_network.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/.gitignore
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/AGI_install_flight.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/AGI_run_flight.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/MANIFEST.in
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/README.md
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/app_test.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/dask_worker_0.pid
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/distribution.json
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/lab_steps.ipynb
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/lab_steps.toml
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/output.json
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/pyproject.toml
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/run_test.sh
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/uv.lock
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/uv_config.toml
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/wenv
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/.agilab/.env
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/.agilab/balancer_df.csv
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/.agilab/balancer_model.pkl
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/.gitkeep
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/CheatSheet_Keras_Fonctions_Metrique.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/Keras-Cheat-Sheet-Python.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/Machine-Learning-Cheatsheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/cheatsheet-transformers-large-language-models.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/machine-learning-cheat-sheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/ml-cheatsheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/AI roadmap.png
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/AI-ML-cheatsheets.png
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/Google Drive.png
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/Mathematics.png
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/README.md
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/01- Mathematics/1- Calculus cheat sheet all reduced.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/01- Mathematics/2- Calculus cheat sheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/01- Mathematics/3- Linear Algebra in 4 pages.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/01- Mathematics/4- Probability cheat sheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/01- Mathematics/4- Probability distribution cheat sheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/01- Mathematics/5- Statistics cheat sheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/01- Mathematics/6- Super-cheatsheet-mathematics.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/01- Mathematics/7- Summary statistics.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/02- C++/1- C++ Reference Card.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/02- C++/2- C++ Libraries.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/02- C++/3- C++ OOP Reference Card.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/03- Python/1- Python for Beginners.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/03- Python/2- Python Reference Cheatsheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/03- Python/3- Python cheatsheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/03- Python/4- Python for Data Science cheatsheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/03- Python/5- Numpy cheatsheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/03- Python/6- Pandas cheatsheet 1.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/03- Python/6- Pandas cheatsheet 2.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/03- Python/7- Matplotlib cheatsheet 1.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/03- Python/7- Matplotlib cheatsheet 2.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/03- Python/8- Scikit-Learn cheatsheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/03- Python/List, Tuples, Sets, Dictionary.png
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/03- Python/Tutorial Python.PNG
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/04- Computer architecture/Computer organisation cheatsheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/05- Data structures/Resources.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/05- Data structures/1- Classification of Data structures/1- Classification of Data structures.PNG
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/05- Data structures/1- Classification of Data structures/2- Primitive vs Non-Primitive Data Structure.PNG
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/05- Data structures/1- Classification of Data structures/3- Linear vs Non-linear Data Structure.PNG
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/05- Data structures/1- Classification of Data structures/4- How to choose a Data structure.PNG
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/05- Data structures/2- Data structures/1- Array.jpg
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/05- Data structures/2- Data structures/2- Linked list.jpg
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/05- Data structures/2- Data structures/3- Stack.jpg
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/05- Data structures/2- Data structures/4- Queue.jpg
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/05- Data structures/2- Data structures/5- Tree.jpg
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/05- Data structures/2- Data structures/6- Graph.jpg
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/05- Data structures/2- Data structures/7- Hashtable.jpg
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/05- Data structures/3- Complexity/0- Types of algorithms.PNG
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/05- Data structures/3- Complexity/1- Common Running Time.PNG
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/05- Data structures/3- Complexity/2- Big-O Complexity Chart.PNG
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/05- Data structures/3- Complexity/3- Common Data Structure Operations.PNG
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/05- Data structures/3- Complexity/4- Array Sorting Algorithms.PNG
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/05- Data structures/3- Complexity/5- Big-O chart.PNG
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/06- Automata theory/1- Languages and Automata cheathseet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/06- Automata theory/2- Automata cheatsheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/06- Automata theory/3- Context-Free Grammar cheatsheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/06- Complexity theory/Complexity Theory Cheat Sheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/06- Complexity theory/Computability Theory Cheat Sheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/07- SQL/0- SQL-quick-guide.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/07- SQL/1- SQL operations.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/07- SQL/1- SQL query execution order.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/07- SQL/2- SQL commands.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/07- SQL/3- SQL-basics-cheat-sheet-a4.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/07- SQL/4- SQL joins-cheat-sheet-a4.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/07- SQL/5- Study-guide-data-retrieval-with-SQL.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/07- SQL/6- SQL Roadmap.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/08- Data cleaning/Data-cleaning-checklist.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/08- Data cleaning/Data-cleaning-guide.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/08- Data cleaning/Data-preparation-cheatsheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/08- Data cleaning/Feature engineering.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/08- Data cleaning/Feature-selection-methods.png
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/08- Data cleaning/Hypothesis-testing-cheatsheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/09- Data visualization/1- Core principles of Data Visualization.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/09- Data visualization/2- Visual Vocabulary.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/09- Data visualization/3- Data visualization cheatsheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/09- Data visualization/4- The chart chooser.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/09- Data visualization/5- From Data to Visualization.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/10- Mathematical logic/cheatsheet-logic-models.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/11- Introduction to AI/cheatsheet-states-models.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/11- Introduction to AI/cheatsheet-variables-models.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/12- Machine learning/0- Machine learning process.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/12- Machine learning/1- Machine-learning-map.png
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/12- Machine learning/2- Machine learning algorithms.png
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/12- Machine learning/3- How to choose a ML algorithm 1.png
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/12- Machine learning/3- How to choose a ML algorithm 2.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/12- Machine learning/3- Time complexity of ML algorithms.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/12- Machine learning/4- Comparison of ML algorithms 1.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/12- Machine learning/4- Comparison of ML algorithms 2.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/12- Machine learning/4- Comparison of ML algorithms 3.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/12- Machine learning/4- Comparison of ML algorithms 4.png
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/12- Machine learning/4- Comparison of ML algorithms 5.png
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/12- Machine learning/5- super-cheatsheet-machine-learning.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/12- Machine learning/6- Machine learning cheatsheets.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/12- Machine learning/7- Machine learning explainability.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/12- Machine learning/8- Machine learning operations MLOps.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/13- Deep learning/1- super-cheatsheet-deep-learning.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/13- Deep learning/2- Large Language Models cheatsheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/13- Deep learning/3- main types of neural networks.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/13- Deep learning/4- Architecture - Classification MLP.png
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/13- Deep learning/5- Architecture - Regression MLP.png
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/13- Deep learning/6- Activation Function - Hidden Layer.png
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/13- Deep learning/7- Activation Function - Output Layer.png
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/13- Deep learning/8- Activation Functions.png
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/14- Metrics to evaluate machine learning algorithms/Metrics-machine-learning.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/14- Metrics to evaluate machine learning algorithms/Performance-measure-machine-learning.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/15- Reinforcement learning/Reinforcement learning cheatsheet 1.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/15- Reinforcement learning/Reinforcement learning cheatsheet 2.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/16- Time series/Time-series-cheat-sheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/17- Git/Git-cheat-sheet 2.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/agilab/core/agi-env/src/agi_env/resources/mistral_offline/data/AI-ML-cheatsheets-main/17- Git/Git-cheat-sheet.pdf
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/build/lib/flight/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/build/lib/flight/flight.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/build/lib/flight/flight_args.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/build/lib/flight_worker/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/build/lib/flight_worker/dataset.7z
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/build/lib/flight_worker/flight_worker.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/build/lib/flight_worker/flight_worker.pyx
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/build/lib/flight_worker/pyproject.toml
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/src/app_args_form.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/src/app_settings.toml
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/src/pre_prompt.json
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/src/flight/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/src/flight/flight.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/src/flight/flight_args.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/src/flight_project.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/src/flight_project.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/src/flight_project.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/src/flight_project.egg-info/not-zip-safe
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/src/flight_project.egg-info/requires.txt
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/src/flight_project.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/src/flight_worker/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/src/flight_worker/dataset.7z
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/src/flight_worker/flight_worker.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/src/flight_worker/flight_worker.pyx
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/src/flight_worker/pyproject.toml
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/test/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/test/_test_call_worker.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/test/_test_flight_manager.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/test/_test_flight_worker.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/test/output.json
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/test/test_df.ipynb
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/test/test_flight_manager.py
src/agilab/apps/flight_project/test/test_flight_worker.py
src/agilab/apps/mycode_project/README.md
src/agilab/apps/mycode_project/dask_worker_0.pid
src/agilab/apps/mycode_project/pyproject.toml
src/agilab/apps/mycode_project/uv.lock
src/agilab/apps/mycode_project/build/lib/mycode/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps/mycode_project/build/lib/mycode/mycode.py
src/agilab/apps/mycode_project/build/lib/mycode/mycode_args.py
src/agilab/apps/mycode_project/build/lib/mycode_worker/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps/mycode_project/build/lib/mycode_worker/mycode_worker.py
src/agilab/apps/mycode_project/src/app_args_form.py
src/agilab/apps/mycode_project/src/app_settings.toml
src/agilab/apps/mycode_project/src/mycode/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps/mycode_project/src/mycode/mycode.py
src/agilab/apps/mycode_project/src/mycode/mycode_args.py
src/agilab/apps/mycode_project/src/mycode_worker/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps/mycode_project/src/mycode_worker/mycode_worker.py
src/agilab/apps/mycode_project/src/mycode_worker/mycode_worker.pyx
src/agilab/apps/mycode_project/src/mycode_worker/pyproject.toml
src/agilab/apps/templates/dag_app_template/.gitignore
src/agilab/apps/templates/dag_app_template/MANIFEST.in
src/agilab/apps/templates/dag_app_template/README.md
src/agilab/apps/templates/dag_app_template/pyproject.toml
src/agilab/apps/templates/dag_app_template/uv_config.toml
src/agilab/apps/templates/dag_app_template/src/app_args_form.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/dag_app_template/src/app_settings.toml
src/agilab/apps/templates/dag_app_template/src/pre_prompt.json
src/agilab/apps/templates/dag_app_template/src/dag_app/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/dag_app_template/src/dag_app/app_args.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/dag_app_template/src/dag_app/dag_app.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/dag_app_template/src/dag_app/dag_app_args.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/dag_app_template/src/dag_app_worker/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/dag_app_template/src/dag_app_worker/dag_app_worker.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/dag_app_template/src/dag_app_worker/pyproject.toml
src/agilab/apps/templates/fireducks_app_template/.gitignore
src/agilab/apps/templates/fireducks_app_template/MANIFEST.in
src/agilab/apps/templates/fireducks_app_template/README.md
src/agilab/apps/templates/fireducks_app_template/pyproject.toml
src/agilab/apps/templates/fireducks_app_template/uv_config.toml
src/agilab/apps/templates/fireducks_app_template/src/app_args_form.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/fireducks_app_template/src/app_settings.toml
src/agilab/apps/templates/fireducks_app_template/src/pre_prompt.json
src/agilab/apps/templates/fireducks_app_template/src/fireducks_app/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/fireducks_app_template/src/fireducks_app/app_args.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/fireducks_app_template/src/fireducks_app/fireducks_app.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/fireducks_app_template/src/fireducks_app/fireducks_app_args.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/fireducks_app_template/src/fireducks_app_worker/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/fireducks_app_template/src/fireducks_app_worker/fireducks_app_worker.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/fireducks_app_template/src/fireducks_app_worker/pyproject.toml
src/agilab/apps/templates/pandas_app_template/.gitignore
src/agilab/apps/templates/pandas_app_template/MANIFEST.in
src/agilab/apps/templates/pandas_app_template/README.md
src/agilab/apps/templates/pandas_app_template/pyproject.toml
src/agilab/apps/templates/pandas_app_template/uv_config.toml
src/agilab/apps/templates/pandas_app_template/src/app_args_form.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/pandas_app_template/src/app_settings.toml
src/agilab/apps/templates/pandas_app_template/src/pre_prompt.json
src/agilab/apps/templates/pandas_app_template/src/pandas_app/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/pandas_app_template/src/pandas_app/app_args.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/pandas_app_template/src/pandas_app/pandas_app.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/pandas_app_template/src/pandas_app/pandas_app_args.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/pandas_app_template/src/pandas_app_worker/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/pandas_app_template/src/pandas_app_worker/pandas_app_worker.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/pandas_app_template/src/pandas_app_worker/pyproject.toml
src/agilab/apps/templates/polars_app_template/.gitignore
src/agilab/apps/templates/polars_app_template/MANIFEST.in
src/agilab/apps/templates/polars_app_template/README.md
src/agilab/apps/templates/polars_app_template/pyproject.toml
src/agilab/apps/templates/polars_app_template/uv_config.toml
src/agilab/apps/templates/polars_app_template/src/app_args_form.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/polars_app_template/src/app_settings.toml
src/agilab/apps/templates/polars_app_template/src/pre_prompt.json
src/agilab/apps/templates/polars_app_template/src/polars_app/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/polars_app_template/src/polars_app/app_args.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/polars_app_template/src/polars_app/polars_app.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/polars_app_template/src/polars_app/polars_app_args.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/polars_app_template/src/polars_app_worker/__init__.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/polars_app_template/src/polars_app_worker/polars_app_worker.py
src/agilab/apps/templates/polars_app_template/src/polars_app_worker/pyproject.toml
src/agilab/examples/flight/AGI_install_flight.py
src/agilab/examples/flight/AGI_run_flight.py
src/agilab/examples/mycode/AGI_run_mycode.py
src/agilab/pages/▶️ EDIT.py
src/agilab/pages/▶️ EXECUTE.py
src/agilab/pages/▶️ EXPERIMENT.py
src/agilab/pages/▶️ EXPLORE.py
src/agilab/resources/__init__.py
src/agilab/resources/agi_logo.png
src/agilab/resources/agilab_logo.png
src/agilab/resources/code_editor.scss
src/agilab/resources/config.toml
src/agilab/resources/custom_buttons.json
src/agilab/resources/info_bar.json
src/agilab/resources/theme.css
src/agilab/resources/help/__init__.py
src/agilab/resources/help/cluster-help.html
src/agilab/resources/help/edit_help.html
src/agilab/resources/help/execute_help.html
src/agilab/resources/help/experiment_help.html
src/agilab/resources/help/index.html
src/agilab/resources/help/roadmap.html
src/agilab/resources/help/views_help.html
src/agilab/test/__init__.py
src/agilab/test/test_model_returns_code.py
test/test_dependencies.py