# Asserters

Asserters are the core of this module's business logic. They are the objects responsible for checking whether other objects fulfill a given expectation.

Each asserter must adhere to the following protocol:

```python
class AsserterProtocol(Protocol):
    """
    Asserter that checks whether the given expectation is fulfilled by an object.
    """

    expectation: Any
    asserter_factory: 'type[AsserterFactoryProtocol]'

    def __init__(
        self,
        asserter_factory: 'type[AsserterFactoryProtocol]',
        expectation: Any,
    ) -> None: ...

    @classmethod
    def matches(cls, expectation: Any) -> bool:
        """
        Determines whether the provided expectation can be handled by this asserter.

        :param expectation: the expectation to be tested
        """

    def assert_object(self, object_: Any) -> None:
        """
        Asserts whether the expectation is fulfilled by an object.

        :param object_: the object to be tested
        """
```

## Asserter Factories

When asserting objects, asserters are created from expectations using factories. The factory maintains an ordered sequence of asserter classes. When creating an asserter for a specific expectation, the factory iterates over the classes and uses the first one for which the `matches` method returns `True`.

The module provides a `BuiltInAsserterFactory` that includes all out-of-the-box asserters. Additionally, there is a blank factory called `AsserterFactory` that does not have any asserters registered.

To add an asserter to the factory, use the `register_asserter` class method with the following signature:

```python
def register_asserter(
    asserter: type[AsserterProtocol],
    *,
    after: type[AsserterProtocol] | None = None,
    before: type[AsserterProtocol] | None = None,
) -> None:
```

The asserter is registered at the earliest possible position. If `after` and `before` parameters are not set, it is added to the beginning of the list to be matched when creating an asserter for expectations. The `after` and `before` parameters allow you to specify constraints on the asserter's position.

When creating a subclass of a factory, it initially uses the same asserters collection as its base class. However, once the first asserter is registered, the collection from the base class is copied before adding new asserters.
