# Generators

Generators are at the core of the `generators` submodule's business logic. They are responsible for generating expectations based on the values object and the given definition.

Each generator must adhere to the following protocol:

```python
class GeneratorProtocol(Protocol):
    """
    Generates expectation from a given object according to a definition.
    """

    definition: Any
    generator_factory: 'type[GeneratorFactoryProtocol]'

    def __init__(
        self,
        generator_factory: 'type[GeneratorFactoryProtocol]',
        definition: Any,  # noqa: ANN401
    ) -> None: ...

    @classmethod
    def matches(cls, definition: Any) -> bool:  # noqa: ANN401
        """
        Determines whether the provided definition can be handled by this generator.

        :param definition: the definition to be tested
        """

    def generate_expectation(self, object_: Any) -> Any:  # noqa: ANN401
        """
        Generates an expectation from the given object.

        :param object_: the object from which to generate an expectation
        """
```

## Generator Factories

When generating expectations, generators are created from definitions using factories. The factory maintains an ordered sequence of generator classes. When creating a generator for a specific definition, the factory iterates over the classes and uses the first one for which the `matches` method returns `True`.

The module provides a `BuiltInGeneratorFactory` that includes all out-of-the-box generators. Additionally, there is a blank factory called `GeneratorFactory` that does not have any generators registered.

To add a generator to the factory, use the `register_generator` class method with the following signature:

```python
def register_generator(
    generator: type[GeneratorProtocol],
    *,
    after: type[GeneratorProtocol] | None = None,
    before: type[GeneratorProtocol] | None = None,
) -> None:
```

The generator is registered at the earliest possible position. If `after` and `before` parameters are not set, it is added to the beginning of the list to be matched when creating a generator for a definition. The `after` and `before` parameters allow you to specify constraints on the generator's position.

When creating a subclass of a factory, it initially uses the same generators collection as its base class. However, once the first generator is registered, the collection from the base class is copied before adding new generators.
