If you want to add a closing template or check existing ones:

1.  Go to *Accounting/Invoicing \> Configuration \> Fiscal year closing
    \> Closing templates*.
2.  Click on Create.
3.  Put a name for the template.
4.  Mark if you want to check if there's any draft move in the date
    range before making the closing operations.
5.  Select the chart templates for which companies that have this chart
    you want this template to be available for.
6.  Add one line for each of the journal entries you want to create on
    the closing operation.
7.  This line has a name, a code, an optional journal (selectable per
    company), a sequence for ordering this line with the others, and the
    type we want to assign on the resulting journal entry created.
8.  Then you can configure accounts for being mapped on the section
    "Accounts mapping".
9.  If you put a destination account on each mapping line, then the
    balance of the source account will be transferred to that account.
10. If there's no destination account, then the balance of the account
    will be nullified through one or several journal items with the
    opposite balance.
11. The way these opposite journal items will be created is determined
    by the closing type in the section "Account closing types":
    - Balance: There will be only one journal item with the opposite
      balance.
    - Un-reconciled: The opposite balance will be grouped by the partner
      field in the period journal entries.
12. There's a default closing type to use, and you can specify others by
    account type.
13. You can configure a closing operation for being the reverse move of
    another previous move generated by a closing operation (typically,
    the opening move after the closing one). For making that, fill the
    "Inverse config" field with the code of the closing operation you
    want to reverse, and place this operation after that one (not
    necessarily immediately after).
14. The balances of the inverted journal items and the initial ones are
    reconciled by default.
