#################################
 Helpdesk Ticket Split and Merge
#################################

..
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:fa88a5911e9d75e4ccaee78931e61a91ccfe34e0de09254e0edd30ad0752f428
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
   :alt: Beta
   :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status

.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
   :alt: License: AGPL-3
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html

|badge1| |badge2|

This module extends the functionality of the Helpdesk to support
splitting and merging of tickets.

Splitting allows a ticket to be divided into multiple sub-tickets. This
is useful when a ticket contains multiple issues that need to be handled
separately. Each sub-ticket can be assigned to a different team member
and tracked independently.

Merging allows multiple tickets to be combined into one. This is helpful
when a customer reports the same issue multiple times, or when several
customers report the same issue. The original tickets are moved to a
specified stage and closed.

The module also includes a configuration setting for the stage to which
tickets are moved when they are closed by a merge, and an email template
for notifying customers about a merged ticket.

Please note that tickets can only be split or merged if they belong to
the same partner. A ticket cannot be split if it is a sub-ticket, and a
ticket cannot be merged if it has been merged before or it is closed.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

***************
 Configuration
***************

After installed, you will have a couple of settings to get the full
potential of this module. They can be found just by going to the
settings app and in general settings you will see a new entry where you
will be able to set:

-  Stage to which tickets will be moved when they are closed by a merge.
-  Email template to send when the ticket was merged (leave empty if
   not)

*******
 Usage
*******

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to Helpdesk > Tickets

#. Open a ticket

#. Click on the "Split" button to create a sub-ticket or "Merge" button
   to merge it with another ticket

#. In the wizard that appears, fill in the necessary details and click
   on "Split" or "Merge"

#. The new sub-ticket will appear in the ticket's "Sub-Tickets" tab, or
   the merged ticket will be moved to the specified stage and an email
   notification will be sent if configured.

Note: Tickets can only be split or merged if they belong to the same
partner. A ticket cannot be split if it is a sub-ticket, and a ticket
cannot be merged if it has been merged before or it is closed.

************************
 Known issues / Roadmap
************************

There are no issues for the moment.

*************
 Bug Tracker
*************

Bugs are tracked on `GitLab Issues
<https://gitlab.com/somitcoop/erp-research/odoo-helpdesk/-/issues>`_. In
case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been
reported. If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a
detailed and welcomed feedback.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with
technical issues.

*********
 Credits
*********

Authors
=======

-  SomIT SCCL
-  Som Connexio SCCL

Contributors
============

-  `SomIT SCCL <https://somit.coop>`_:

      -  José Robles <jose.robles@somit.coop>
      -  Álvaro Mellado <alvaro.mellado@somit.coop>
      -  Álvaro García <alvaro.garcia@somit.coop>

-  `Som Connexio SCCL <https://somconnexio.coop>`_:

      -  Gerard Funosas <gerard.funosas@somconnexio.coop>

Maintainers
===========

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization
whose mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo
features and promote its widespread use.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit
https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
